To whom it may concern,
I have enjoyed building things for the longest time. When I began my computer science career, I
jumped in excitement when I wrote my first “Hello World” program. As I continued learning to code, I
also nurtured essential software development skills including troubleshooting, critical thinking, and
communication. I continue to grow a deep appreciation for the art form, engineering, and talent
required to power many businesses and commonly-used electronics.


Within a team project, collaboration is important and I can help bridge knowledge gaps and find clarity
in a problem through clear, concise communication. To complement effective communication, quality
assurance is a skill I value and can use to help simplify code, refactor repeated sections of code, and
express clear methods that follow the principle of single responsibility. I strive to follow the rules of
Test Driven Development, building code with scalability and sustainability in mind. Writing tests and
improving existing code are thorough tasks, but important to me for creating powerful, stable
programs for clients. When bugs and errors do occur, I can quickly assess and isolate issues with code
and help develop long-lasting solutions to these problems. My enthusiasm for learning provides me the
ability to meet the demands of the ever-changing requirements in hardware and software. I seek to
learn from fellow software developers on how they approach tasks so we can collectively grow in
knowledge, adaptability, and teamwork.


I enjoy traveling across the country, taking hikes, and camping outdoors all while documenting my trips
with my camera. As a graduate from Benedictine College, I currently practice with Elixir, building web
applications in the Phoenix framework for small projects I am passionate about including finance, 3D
printing, and modeling. Benedictine’s liberal arts program and my most recent internship with Binary
Noggin have taught me to solve computer science problems from different views, learn more from
hands-on experience, and adapt to the ever changing demands of a software developer.

Thank you for your consideration. I look forward to hearing from you soon.

Sincerely,
Thomas Tighe